Improve custom policy defining doc considering the same parameter  names and order requirement (#1865)
wso2/docs-choreo-dev: en/developer-docs/docs/api-management/api-policies/attach-and-manage-policies.md

In this guide, you are not going to make any changes to the `Fault` flow. Therefore, you can remove the `Fault` flow stub from the `policy.bal` file.

!!! note 

>     - The  **@mediation:RequestFlow**, **@mediation:ResponseFlow**, and **@mediation:FaultFlow** annotations are bound with the keywords in the `Ballerina.toml`. Therefore, the changes you make to the policy stubs should reflect in the `Ballerina.toml` file. For example, if the policy is applicable only on the request and response paths, you can remove the  **@mediation:FaultFlow** annotation from the policy. Then, you **MUST** also remove the **choreo-apim-mediation-fault-flow** keyword from the generated `Ballerina.toml` file. If you do not do so, the Ballerina compiler will show an error at compile time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - The  **@mediation:RequestFlow**, **@mediation:ResponseFlow**, and **@mediation:FaultFlow** annotations are mapped to the keywords in the `Ballerina.toml` file. Therefore, any changes you make to policy stubs should reflect in the `Ballerina.toml` file to ensure consistency. For example, if a policy is applicable only to the request and response paths, remove the **@mediation:FaultFlow** annotation from the policy and also remove the **choreo-apim-mediation-fault-flow** keyword from the generated `Ballerina.toml` file. Failing to keep these in sync causes the Ballerina compiler to return an error at compile time.
```

>     - If you choose not to remove the Fault flow, ensure that the parameter order and names are consistent with  defined Request and Response flows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - If you choose not to remove the Fault flow, ensure that the parameter order and names are consistent with defined Request and Response flows.
```
